Project Describtion:

Zen in Motion is a zen garden designed to help visualize breathe during breathing exercise. 
Giving visual feedback that corispondes to your breathe can signifiganilty improve breathing practices.
Zen in motion uses a traditional Zen garden to natual give feed back in a wave motion, the timeless motion
corisponds to your heartrate leading to a move focused and aware excireses.

Hows the concept evolved throught the process:

Keeeping the core value of zen and visual feedback in place the project diviated towards feedback/motion driven from a preasure sensor.
The sensor became the base for the stacking of rocks which are found in the garden.

Tech Speces & Hardware:

Challenges- Creating a good looking zen garden that moves while looking an feeling natural. 
          - motion/speed of motor  (stepper motor= not smooth enough)(dc motor too fast) Solution= geared motor)
          - moving base for sand- needs to be flexible 
          - Even wave motion - from inside out, equal angle of rotation //each 60 degrees apart
          - solid stucture to hold sand and cam shaft in place
          - making shit fit right..

Components:
  Box- Mdf  //big mistake
  Base- Mdf  //big mistake
  wooden shaft
  T-shirt
  bearing- to reduce friction 
  barring mount- 3D printed
  motor mount-3D printed
  shaft to motor adapter-3D printed
  3x cam circles
  3x upper rings 
  Geared motor
  Pressure sensor
  Uno arduino 
  Bread board
  Sand
  
Process:

Sketch overall design-  box that was as shallow as possible while housing components
Solid works model-      set overall dinensions- create components to hold motor and camshaft
Build box-              Mdf 
Print components-
Fasten 3d printed components-  installing bearing ,motor and motor to inside box
Adjustments-  cam shaft and circles for even motion
Create sand surface- made frame for tshirt to be streched over
Wire arduino and board- made 2 circuits   sensor's and motors
Code- Create 3 shresh holds for Stacking of rocks- corisponding to speed. >weight= >speed
Fine tunning- the motor was drawing too much current for the arduino to correctly funtion
              so  a capacitor was put in that curcit to even out the fluxuation of current.
              Due to the sands weight the thresholds all had to be increaesed do the motor would still work.
              this called for smaller diffences between threshold ( close to 20- 30 instead of 50-100)
              the threshold for the pressure sensor were increased to after picking the exact rocks and the 
              sequence of stacking them.
Act alife for presentation- wash face with cold water


              








